feat(jenkins-plugins): Add support for custom registries (#25358)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/jenkins-plugins/readme.md

The `jenkins-plugins` datasource supports lookups from the [Jenkins Update Center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) or custom registries.

> Custom registries defined via `registryUrl` are expected to follow the [update site layout](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/update-center2/blob/master/site/LAYOUT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you define a custom registry with the `registryUrl` config option, you must follow [Jenkins' update site layout](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/update-center2/blob/master/site/LAYOUT.md).
```

We should use the word `must` to indicate things that you must do, or Renovate must have to work.

Also, we should say _who_ does _what_. I think in this example the user would set a custom registry, and then must follow some rules from Jenkin's for Renovate to work.

I've also updated the link name so it's clear where you'll end up.

> Renovate expects `update-center.actual.json` and `plugin-versions.json` to be available under the `current` path (e.g., `https://custom.registry.renovatebot.com/current`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `update-center.actual.json` and `plugin-versions.json` files must be in the `current` path, so Renovate can find them.
For example, the files could be put in the `https://custom.registry.renovatebot.com/current` directory.
```
